Update default values in CoordinatorDynamicConfig (#14269)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`replicantLifetime`|The maximum number of Coordinator runs for a segment to be replicated before we start alerting.|15|
|`replicationThrottleLimit`|The maximum number of segments that can be in the replication queue of a historical tier at any given time.|500|
|`balancerComputeThreads`|Thread pool size for computing moving cost of segments in segment balancing. Consider increasing this if you have a lot of segments and moving segments starts to get stuck.|1|
|`emitBalancingStats`|Boolean flag for whether or not we should emit balancing stats. This is an expensive operation.|false|
|`killDataSourceWhitelist`|List of specific data sources for which kill tasks are sent if property `druid.coordinator.kill.on` is true. This can be a list of comma-separated data source names or a JSON array.|none|
|`killPendingSegmentsSkipList`|List of data sources for which pendingSegments are _NOT_ cleaned up if property `druid.coordinator.kill.pendingSegments.on` is true. This can be a list of comma-separated data sources or a JSON array.|none|

> |`maxSegmentsInNodeLoadingQueue`|The maximum number of segments that could be queued for loading to any given server. This parameter could be used to speed up segments loading process, especially if there are "slow" nodes in the cluster (with low loading speed) or if too much segments scheduled to be replicated to some particular node (faster loading could be preferred to better segments distribution). Desired value depends on segments loading speed, acceptable replication time and number of nodes. Value 1000 could be a start point for a rather big cluster. |500|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`maxSegmentsInNodeLoadingQueue`|The maximum number of segments allowed in a loading queue for any given server. Use this parameter to load the segments faster&mdash;for example, if the cluster contains slow-loading nodes, or if there are too many segments to be replicated to a particular node (when faster loading is preferred to better segments distribution). Desired value depends on the loading speed of segments, acceptable replication time, and number of nodes. Value 1000 is a good starting point for a big cluster. |500|
```
